# SNHU-CS-350

The purpose of this project was to build a thermometer with the TI CC3220S board. In doing so, I learned how to utilize existing drivers to enable and use Communication protocols such as UART, IC2, and GPIO. The way that the program is able to function is by initializing a timer that works and constantly check the temperature that the temperature sensor that is built into the board is reading. Depending on what the sensor is reading, the board uses an LED to output whether or not the temperature is above, or below a threshold that is set by the user. I view this functionality as turning the A/C on or off depending on the input from the sensor as it constantly check the temperature against the user specified threshold how how cool/warm they want the room to be. Interupts were also utilized as part of this project. The project waits for an interupt of one of the side buttons that are built into the board. This raises and lowers the threshold set by the user in real time. There is also an output to the screen that shows what that threshold is set to. 


I had a lot of issues with this project at the beginning. I struggled with getting the board connected and it took a lot of time and a lot of research for me to get the compiler configured so that I could debug the board properly. I was really feeling the pressure of the deadline for this project coming closer and closer. So, after I was able to get everything configured properly I could relax and really dig down into the documentation to understand how to initialize the different communication protocols and which ones I was going to need for this project. The designing of the project from an overview level was already laid out through the course work and I was able to follow it step by step to meet all of the requirements for this project. 

I learned alot not only while developing this project, but during this course. I learned a lot of different resources to use during embedded systems development, and how to use them. I've found that learning the debugger is one of the most important things to get familiar with as unlike more traditional programs, it is the best way to see exactly whats happening withing the hardware of the board. I've been impressed to see what all that it takes to get just simple embedded systems projects up and running and how much more specialized knowledge it actually takes to do so. 
